{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9
\f0\fs24\b CRM - Test Case Document\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
\fs22\b 1. Authentication\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. Login page allows manual entry for Email field for Admin, Representative, Manager, and Field Officer. \b Pass\b0\par
2. Password field allows manual entry with masking. \b Pass\b0\par
3. Submitting with empty Email displays an error message and highlights the field. \b Fail\b0\par
4. Submitting with empty Password displays an error message and highlights the field. \b Fail\b0\par
5. Entering an invalid email format such as user@ shows a format validation error. \b Fail\b0\par
6. Entering incorrect credentials shows an invalid email or password error. \b Fail\b0\par
7. Clicking Forgot Password navigates to the Forgot Password page. \b Fail\b0\par
8. Successful login with valid credentials redirects the user to the role-based dashboard. \b Pass\b0\par
9. Logout clears the session token and redirects the user to the Login page. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 2. Profile Management\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. User can update First Name, Last Name, and Contact Number manually. \b Pass\b0\par
2. Submitting the profile form with empty required fields shows error messages. \b Fail\b0\par
3. Upload Photo allows the user to browse and select an image file in JPG or PNG format. \b Pass\b0\par
4. The uploaded photo is previewed before saving and reflected in the header/sidebar after save. \b Fail\b0\par
5. Clicking Change Password reveals Current Password, New Password, and Confirm Password fields. \b Pass\b0\par
6. Submitting an incorrect current password shows a Current password is wrong error. \b Pass\b0\par
7. Submitting mismatched new and confirm passwords shows a validation error. \b Fail\b0\par
8. Successfully saving profile changes shows a success notification. \b Fail\b0\par
9. Clicking Logout logs the user out and redirects to the Login page. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 3. MLA Role - Dashboard\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The MLA Dashboard loads successfully after a valid login. \b Pass\b0\par
2. The dashboard displays the correct summary cards for grievances, resolved cases, pending cases, and sentiment status. \b Pass\b0\par
3. The dashboard shows the latest alerts and notifications for the MLA user. \b Fail\b0\par
4. The KPI cards for the poll are displayed and functioning correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
5. Selecting a constituency updates all dashboard widgets and charts correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
6. Applying a date range filter shows only the records within the selected period. \b Pass\b0\par
7. Clicking a grievance from the dashboard opens its detailed information page. \b Fail\b0\par
8. The sentiment analysis section displays the correct trend for public feedback. \b Pass\b0\par
9. The complaint trend chart reflects the latest grievance submissions and resolutions. \b Pass\b0\par
10. The dashboard updates automatically when new grievances are added. \b Pass\b0\par
11. The ward-wise map or location view highlights areas with high complaint volume. \b Pass\b0\par
12. Grievances are sorted and displayed correctly according to priority. \b Pass\b0\par
13. Exporting the dashboard report generates a downloadable file with the correct data. \b Fail\b0\par
14. Clicking a chart segment opens the related list of grievances. \b Fail\b0\par
15. Changing the status filter updates the counts and listed grievances correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
16. The system displays a user-friendly error message when the backend data load fails. \b Fail\b0\par
17. Logging out from the MLA Dashboard redirects the user to the login page. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 4. MLA Role - Popularity\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The popularity section displays the most discussed grievance topics correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
2. The most popular issue categories are ranked correctly based on complaint volume. \b Pass\b0\par
3. The popularity widget shows the correct count for the selected time period. \b Pass\b0\par
4. A newly added grievance appears in the popularity data after refresh. \b Pass\b0\par
5. Repeated complaints for the same issue increase the popularity score as expected. \b Fail\b0\par
6. The popularity view filters out irrelevant or archived grievances. \b Fail\b0\par
7. Switching between 3M, 6M, 12M, and All views changes the popularity trend correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
8. The popularity section reflects real-time updates when new complaints are submitted. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 5. MLA Role - Constituents\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The total number of registered citizens is displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
2. The number of members registered with complete and valid details is displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
3. The total number of members logged in to the application is displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
4. The total number of members registered this month is displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
5. The total registered complaints resolved and their percentage share by ward are calculated and displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
6. The registration count for each month is displayed correctly in the Registration Growth chart. \b Pass\b0\par
7. The Most Engaged Residents list shows the citizens who have raised the highest number of complaints, ranked in descending order. \b Pass\b0\par
8. Clicking the View Directory button navigates to the citizen table showing Most Engaged Residents. \b Fail\b0\par
9. Message a Segment button is functioning correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 6. MLA Role - Reports\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The total number of citizens who registered high-priority complaints is displayed correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
2. The total number of complaints in progress is displayed. \b Pass\b0\par
3. The total number of resolved complaints is displayed. \b Pass\b0\par
4. The highest-priority complaints are listed with all relevant details. \b Pass\b0\par
5. The Search button functions correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
6. The Export button functions correctly. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 7. MLA Role - Broadcasts\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. Broadcast creation allows manual entry of Title, Cover Image, Date and Time, Location, and Message. \b Pass\b0\par
2. Clicking All Constituents displays all ward numbers that have registered members in the application. \b Pass\b0\par
3. Clicking Push sends a notification to the selected ward. \b Pass\b0\par
4. The In-app feed button functions correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
5. The Email button functions correctly. \b Fail\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 8. Mobile App - Citizen Login\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. Mobile number or email field allows manual entry. \b Pass\b0\par
2. After OTP verification, the user is navigated to the Complete Profile details page and then to the Citizen Dashboard. \b Pass\b0\par
3. Submitting with empty fields shows a validation error. \b Fail\b0\par
4. Entering incorrect credentials shows an Invalid credentials error. \b Fail\b0\par
5. Successful login navigates the citizen to the Home screen. \b Fail\b0\par
6. Logout clears the session and returns to the Login screen. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 9. Mobile App - File Complaint\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. Category dropdown lists all available complaint categories. \b Pass\b0\par
2. Description text area allows free-text entry and submitting empty shows a validation error. \b Pass\b0\par
3. Location field can be filled manually or auto-detected via GPS. \b Fail\b0\par
4. Attachment field allows uploading a photo from camera or gallery. \b Pass\b0\par
5. Submitting a valid complaint shows a success message with the generated Complaint ID. \b Pass\b0\par
6. Submitted complaint appears in the My Complaints list with status New. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 10. Mobile App - My Complaints\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The list shows all complaints submitted by the logged-in citizen. \b Pass\b0\par
2. Each card shows Complaint ID, Category, Status badge, and Created Date. \b Pass\b0\par
3. Tapping a complaint card opens the Complaint Detail screen. \b Pass\b0\par
4. The Complaint Detail screen shows full description, status timeline, and officer notes. \b Pass\b0\par
5. Status changes made by admin or officer are reflected in real time on refresh. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 11. Mobile App - Events and Campaigns\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. The citizen should receive a notification when an MLA organizes an event. \b Pass\b0\par
2. The citizen should receive a notification when an MLA organizes a campaign. \b Pass\b0\par
\par
\fs22\b 12. Mobile App - Notifications\b0\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs20
1. Push notifications are received when a complaint status changes. \b Fail\b0\par
2. The in-app notification list shows all past notifications with read and unread state. \b Fail\b0\par
3. Mark as Read updates the unread badge count on the notification icon. \b Fail\b0\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9
\fs20 End of Document.\par
}
